He goes, welcome back.
And in this video, we're going to be adding a convenience feature.
So far, we've never made some changes in our code.
So, for example, if I just open up my code base and go to the email pages, all the JavaScript files,
we had to be running the build again and again.
And if you're doing some major website development, this is not going to be very convenient.
Now, this is one way to fix it in which you're going to be having the auto reload option.
And let's see how we can be doing that.
If you already use a framework like React or Vue, you might be seeing that applications created using
the Clear to React app or view initialize automatically has this feature built in and behind the scene.
They actually utilize this feature of back.
All right, so let's see how that can be implemented.
Now, following the implementation, first of all, we need to be installing an additional package.
Now, if you want to be following along with the selector, I've just copied the previous folder and
just created a new one here and I'm just going to be doing the development in a new folder.
You can just continue on and do the development in the same folder.
Okay.
So let me just clear off my console and go to the new folder that I just created.
So that's 7.3 in my case and I'm going to be installing the package.
So see NPM, I saved them and this is going to be called as Webpack Dev.
So just notice the dashes between the words.
And once you have that press enter to get installing it.
Okay.
So let's just give this a minute to install.
Now we're going to be just making the changes in the Webpack file.
So if you just go to the Web config here and in this, we're going to be adding a new section to our
model DOT export.
So in the model or export, so I'm just going to be adding any place, let's call this as dev.
So now for the so we're going to be passing in an object and the object is going to be taking in one
property.
And this tells us exactly where are the files that is going to be distributed.
So in our case, all the files are going to be present in the dest folder.
So what I'm going to be doing overhead is will just point to that location.
By saying static.
So that started.
And in this, we can just point to that folder by saying dot slash just.
Okay.
So that's pretty much it.
Now, what will happen when we hit is basically we could have solar is going to be monitoring this folder.
And whenever any changes has been made to any of the files, the build is going to be created and auto
loaded on our browser.
So with that done, we also need a way of starting off this dev server.
Now for starting on the dev, so I'm just going to be writing a small script in the package audition.
So for now we just have two scripts.
So one is using the test, which we do not really use.
So I can actually be removing all of this.
And the second one is the build, which is used for building our Webpack build.
Okay.
So we are just going to be adding a new one in here.
We can see let's call this as maybe dev webpack solve.
And in this we'll see mode and the mode is going to be a development.
And finally, we also can passing under the perimeter saying open.
Now, using this open perimeter automatically, your browser is going to be opening up.
So that's what this perimeter is about.
Okay, so we have done the configuration.
Now we can just go ahead and make this in this.
So in here I'm going to be just running this particular script by saying and PM run and then see Dev.
Okay.
Let's give that a moment.
And as you can see now, we have already started off also running on localhost.
I can click on this and go to the other page as well.
And as you can see, this is running on a server.
So it's like localhost, 8000 and the file name, which is the product storage team.
Now when we are opening it using directly revealing finder and clicking on the file, you can see that
it was pointing to the absolute port on my file system, so tied to the exact location.
So this is not the real way.
How are going to be solving the files from a server?
This is more like how is it going to be there when you're solving a file using a server?
So we'll be having a server running and then you have the port for the file.
Okay, so that looks pretty good.
Now let's see the main part, whether the auto reloading works or not.
So what I do here, let me just make this window a bit small and let's open our code side by side to
see the auto reloading feature working.
And in this, we can just open up one of the files.
For example, let's take up the file called as product dot Jason.
So that's the file right here.
And in this, let's try to make some changes.
So maybe you can just add another property here.
So I just put a comma, add a new property as named just number three.
And let's put the title as.
Wedding cakes?
Probably.
Why not?
Okay.
So with that done, let me just quickly save this file.
And as soon as I did that, you can see that I had a bill running here and it automatically identified
that there was update in the product or Jason.
It made a new Webpack build and we also have a browser updated automatically.
So that's really, really convenient when you're doing the development.
Now you might be telling, Why didn't you tell us this before?
Well, sorry about that, but we had to see exactly what was happening behind the scenes.
Okay.
So from now on, we are going to be utilizing this web server whenever we are going to be doing any
further development.
So that's it about the basic plugins and how are you going to be using the Webpack dev server?
The next section is going to be really exciting in which you're going to be taking a full fledged project
and using that back to optimize that particular project.
So let's take a short break and start off with a new section.